Add additional details to FAQ about pageviews (#4943)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-google-analytics-4-web/index.md

## FAQ & Troubleshooting

### Resolving Duplicate Page Views

> The **Page Views** advanced setting prevents sending the `page_view` included in the gtag.js snippet, not Segment's `analytics.page()` event available in the Analytics.js snippet by default. If you enable this setting, once the page loads, two `page_view` events will still send to the GA4 SDK, one from the Segment snippet and one from the gtag.js snippet. If you see duplicate `page_view` events in your GA4 dashboard, you need to either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabled, the **Page Views** advanced setting sends the `page_view` event from Google's gtag.js snippet. It does not prevent sending Segment's `analytics.page()` event. If you enable this setting, once the page loads, Segment sends two `page_view` events to the GA4 SDK, one from the Segment snippet and one from the gtag.js snippet. If you see duplicate `page_view` events in your GA4 dashboard, you need to either:
```

> 1. Disable the **Page Views** advanced setting (set it to *False*) so only Segment's `analytics.page()` sends to the GA4 SDK. Or,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Disable the **Page Views** advanced setting (set it to *False*) so only Segment's `analytics.page()` sends to the GA4 SDK.
```

2.  Edit or disable the preset **Set Configuration Fields** mapping so only the `page_view` included in the gtag.js snippet sends to the GA4 SDK.

> There is also a native `page_view` that will be tracked by GA4 SDK if you have the [following setting enabled](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/ga4/views?client_type=gtag#manual_pageviews){:target='_blank'}in your GA4 account:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GA4 SDK also tracks a native `page_view` event if you have the [following setting enabled](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/ga4/views?client_type=gtag#manual_pageviews){:target='_blank'} setting enabledin your GA4 account:
```

> Click on "Show advanced settings" under Page views and you will see the following image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ![image](https://github.com/segmentio/segment-docs/assets/47340158/ed16781a-ae67-4abb-a76d-3fb8901aa7a6)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> As you can see there is a checkbox labeled "Page changes based on browser history events", which is enabled by default.  So anytime the history changes GA4 records a new page view. We recommend disabling this option if you are seeing duplicate pageviews.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
